Add Avivator Component (#241)
hubmapconsortium/vitessce-image-viewer: README.md

### Viv [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40hms-dbmi%2Fviv.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40hms-dbmi%2Fviv)

A library for high bit depth, high resolution, multi-channel images using deck.gl
with WebGL.

### About

> Viv is a library with deck.gl layers, viewers, and utility functions/classes for viewering for multi-scale and non-multi-scale image data.
> The layers of our API make it easy to create UI elements with the desired level customization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Viv is a JavaScript library providing utilities for rendering primary imaging data. Viv supports WebGL-based multi-channel rendering of both pyramidal and non-pyramidal images. The rendering components of Viv are provided as Deck.gl layers, making it easy to compose images with existing layers and efficiently update rendering properties within a reactive paradigm. 
```
